Deprecate SensioFrameworkExtraBundle Annotations (#14203)
pimcore/pimcore: doc/Development_Documentation/02_MVC/00_Controller.md

The `DefaultController` comes with Pimcore. When you create an empty page in Pimcore it will call 
the `defaultAction` in the `DefaultController` which uses the view `/templates/default/default.html.twig`. 

> You can render templates just the [standard Symfony way](https://symfony.com/doc/5.2/templates.html#rendering-a-template-in-emails), by either using `$this->render('foo.html.twig')` or using the `#Template[]` [attribute](https://symfony.com/doc/current/templates.html#rendering-a-template-in-controllers).

Reviewer: Since we are on 10.6, it should still mention the annotation as a valid approach, but at the same time "discouraging" it, something like:
```suggestion
You can render templates just the [standard Symfony way](https://symfony.com/doc/5.2/templates.html#rendering-a-template-in-emails), either by using:
- the render helper eg. `$this->render('foo.html.twig')`
- the `@Template()` [annotation](https://symfony.com/doc/5.2/bundles/SensioFrameworkExtraBundle/annotations/view.html), altough this is deprecated and will not be supported in Pimcore 11.
- the `#Template[]` [attribute](https://symfony.com/doc/current/templates.html#rendering-a-template-in-controllers).
```

     * access to the final response object (as it is automatically created when rendering the view).
     *

>      * @Template

Reviewer 2: The `@Template` annotation is also not supported anymore, right?

Author: Docs updated.
